CASMTRIAGE-6735 Add product catalog check (#4787)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: upgrade/1.4.4/README.md

            "sle-os-products-15-sp3-x86_64",
            "sle-os-products-15-sp4",
            "sle-os-products-15-sp4-x86_64",
            "sle-os-products-15-sp5-aarch64",
            "sle-os-products-15-sp5-x86_64",
            "sle-os-updates-15-sp3",
            "sle-os-updates-15-sp3-x86_64",
            "sle-os-updates-15-sp4",
            "sle-os-updates-15-sp4-x86_64",
            "sle-os-updates-15-sp5-aarch64",
            "sle-os-updates-15-sp5-x86_64",
            "slingshot",
            "slingshot-host-software",
            "slurm",
            "sma",
            "uan",
            "uss"
        ]
        ```

    * CSM on a CSM-only system:

        ```json
        [
          "csm"
        ]
        ```

1. Choose one of the following options based on the output from the previous step.

    * [Upgrade of CSM on system with additional products](../Stage_0_Prerequisites.md#option-2-upgrade-of-csm-on-system-with-additional-products)
    * [Upgrade of CSM on CSM-only system](./CSM-Only.md#steps) \(***Do not use this procedure if more than CSM is
      installed on the system.***\)

#### WLM backup

> ***NOTE*** For CSM-only systems, skip this step and continue

> > onto [Storage nodes in-place update](#storage-nodes-in-place-update)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> on to [Storage nodes in-place update](#storage-nodes-in-place-update)
```

Author: Not sure how I missed this, but I didn't see any comments when I merged. Perhaps github was being github.
